SEARCH-2986 update documentation for mTLS for SearchService and InsightService (#316)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: content-services/latest/install/zip/tomcat.md

        > **Note:** If you're using a different keystore or truststore type other than the default, `JCEKS`, you must change the value in the properties file.

>         > **Note:** In Tomcat versions priors to 9 it was possible to use _org.apache.coyote.http11.Http11Protocol_ as protocol value, but now it was removed. If you are using configuration from an old instance using a Tomcat version before 9, you need to update the connector protocol value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > **Note:** In Tomcat versions prior to 9 it was possible to use `org.apache.coyote.http11.Http11Protocol` as the protocol value, but now it has been removed. If you are using configuration from an old instance using a Tomcat version before 9, you need to update the connector protocol value.
```
